Add tracing section (#12)
anycable/docs.anycable.io: docs/using_with_rails.md

Rails.logger.level = :debug if AnyCable.config.debug?
```

### Log tracing

> Using with Rails, AnyCable adds session id tag `sid` to each log entry produced during RPC message handling. You can use it to trace a request's pathway throught the whole LB->WS->RPC stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using with Rails, AnyCable adds a _session ID_ tag (`sid`) to each log entry produced during the RPC message handling. You can use it to trace the request's pathway throught the whole Load Balancer -> WS Server -> RPC stack.
```
